Added check to provide more explicit exception on invalid input (#12)
iwink/composer-global-installer: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Throw explicit exception on invalid input to prevent confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Throws explicit exception on an invalid path to prevent confusion.
```
